All right.
So in this lesson, I want to introduce another input modifier and it is called trim.
So if you're familiar with JavaScript string methods, trim is actually an available string method.
And what it does is the exact same thing as the trim input modifier does right here.
What trim does is it removes the whitespace from both the beginning and end of a string.
And when I use the term whitespace, what I'm referring to is basically spaces.
So if the user, for example, enters three spaces and then the text view, what trim will do is remove
those leading three spaces.
All right.
So it's going to eliminate all the spaces at the beginning and end of a string.
So if you ever want to apply more than one input modifier in view, it's pretty simple.
It's going to be the exact same syntax.
You're simply going to add a dot and then the name of that input modifier.
So we already used Lazy.
And of course the one we want here is going to be trim.
And you can totally apply them together.
That's totally fine.
In this case, we're applying both lazy and trim, which means Vue will wait to run the commit logic
right here until we're done typing.
But as it does that, it's going to modify the value that flows in right here to be trimmed to not have
any whitespace.
So let's save that and then let's transition to Chrome to see this in action.
So I'm going to refresh the page just to be safe, and I'm going to expand skills and qualifications.
Notice here that skill search term is empty, and I'm going to start by typing a couple characters,
some empty spaces like so, and then I'm going to enter the word view and then I'm also going to enter
some extra whitespace at the end.
In fact, let me remove that dot.
That was unintentional.
Let me add a couple of white spaces here.
So because we're using a lazy input modifier, we're still not seeing that change reflect in the bookstore.
And because we haven't triggered that change, we're not applying trim yet.
So keep an eye on what's going to happen when I press enter.
I'm going to do that in 3 to 1.
There we go.
So as soon as we indicated that we're done typing, then Vue finally commits that mutation to the View
Store and the trim input modifier removes all the whitespace.
So notice what we have here and skill search term is just the final term review.
So trim, remove that space at the beginning and at the end.
And because this is what is connected to our computed functions get method.
This is what view and the template automatically update.
So right here these spaces are removed as well because this is reading from this value right here in
the bookstore.
All right.
So that's how trim works.
It allows us to very easily simply remove whitespace from the beginning and end of the user's input,
which, of course, is very important, because if we want to do filtering and we accidentally provide
extra spaces here, then that method of includes that we're using to double check whether this is existing
in the job's title.
That logic may no longer work if we have some additional spaces.
Now we're getting rid of all that junk and just sticking to the characters.
The user's typed, which of course increases the likelihood they were going to we're going to find a
match in jobs for them.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.